[man gasping]
‐ Come here!
‐ Please don't kill me!
[screams]
[coins clink]
‐ [scoffs] What a lousy catch.
BOY: You have
nice, strong bones.
‐ Hmm?
Oh, it's just a kid.
You out here alone this late?
‐ [laughs]
‐ Well, I guess
it doesn't really matter.
Get lost before I kill you, too!
‐ The one who's about
to be killed tonight is you.
‐ Huh?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [energy crackles]
[screams]
[laughs]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Jakotsumaru
of the Red Bone Palace."
[all grunt]
‐ Eh [groans]
‐ [gasps] Are you OK
down there, Moroha?
This is the Feudal Era, huh?
‐ KOHAKU: Setsuna!
‐ Eh?
HISUI: You're back!
KOHAKU: I'm glad you're safe.
‐ I am, and I
finally managed to return.
TOWA: If we defeated Root Head,
how are we going to get back
to the Modern Era?
Maybe this wasn't
such a good idea after all.
[wind blows]
[owl hooting]
Lady Kyuki.
‐ Yes, Yotsume?
‐ The girl who defeated Tokotsu,
she's managed to return
to these lands.
‐ So this is Moroha.
To think he was defeated
by a mere child.
Yotsume,
how's Jakotsumaru doing?
Currently, he's eagerly
collecting bones.
He is intent
on reviving his father.
Then we'll allow him
to take his revenge.
You'll tell Jakotsumaru,
won't you?
‐ Yes, ma'am.
‐ [chuckles]
[bird shrieks]
MOROHA: There we go!
Hey, Granny, watch my stuff, 'K?
‐ Well, sure,
but where are you going?
‐ [sighs]
I'm off to sell my bounties
to the corpse dealer.
See you! I'll be back!
‐ [gasps] Goodness gracious.
She's just like Kagome,
always on the move.
[horse neighing]
‐ So were you able
to find anything?
‐ You said it was
the Dream Butterfly?
It doesn't sound like
it's an apparition.
Could it be like a shikigami
or maybe a puppet?
‐ It might be.
According to this,
there's a possibility
it's inhabiting Mount Musubi.
TOWA: Mount Musubi, huh?
What do you say
we check it out?
‐ Hey, Chief,
are there any slaying jobs
that need to be done?
‐ Yeah, there are,
now that you mention it.
‐ I was going to ask Hisui,
but if you're offering...
‐ What about the butterfly?
‐ You know I have
my own path to walk.
If you want to hunt bugs,
then do it on your own.
‐ [gasps]
[groans]
[bird squawks]
TOWA: Whoa. What is this?
‐ All their bones
have been pulled out.
‐ It must be an apparition.
‐ [gasps]
‐ This brings
the total of victims to ten.
I heard the demon appears
in the form
of a beautiful young boy.
‐ Please, demon slayers, we beg
of you to save our village.
‐ Yes, we'll handle it.
‐ Uncle, why won't you
let me take care of it?
‐ The problem's your Hiraikotsu.
‐ Eh?
‐ I haven't told you this,
but your mother went up against
a bone‐eating demon once.
‐ Bone‐eating?
‐ She warned me
that this type of demon
is capable of devouring weapons
such as the Hiraikotsu.
‐ You said before that the demon
appears by the river at night?
‐ Yes.
‐ Fine. I will slay it.
‐ Let's do our best, Setsuna.
‐ So you'd be willing to help us
complete this mission?
‐ Oh, yeah! Of course I would!
‐ I didn't expect you two
to get along so quickly.
It's hard to believe
you're really
Lord Sesshomaru's daughters.
‐ We're complete strangers.
‐ [gasps]
Why are you being so cold?
I'm only trying to help,
you know!
‐ Shut up, and leave me alone!
‐ Alright, settle down.
If you run into
any trouble at all,
I want you to make sure
to let us know right away,
which is why I'll be
sending Kirara with you.
‐ [meows]
‐ You sure you'll be alright?
‐ Kirara will be with me.
‐ And her older sister
will protect her, too!
‐ [groans]
Ready, Kirara?
‐ Wow, Kirara,
has anybody told you
how amazing you‐‐
‐ Let's go!
‐ [yelps]
‐ Stop squeezing me so tight!
I can't, or else I'll fall!
[bird warbles]
‐ So what do you think,
Corpse Dealer Jyubei?
This one gave me
a hard time, you know.
‐ Where'd you disappear to these
past few days anyway, Moroha?
You're not trying
to run away, are you?
‐ [laughs] 'Course not!
‐ Remember,
you're on a short leash,
one that's attached
to a mountain of debt
you still owe me.
‐ No need to remind me!
I'll pay it back soon.
‐ Don't think you're
getting out of your promise.
I'm the one that has
to shoulder that debt of yours.
‐ Uh‐huh.
‐ Now, the hitokon
and the flea demon,
that'll be six mon.
‐ Six mon?! You obviously
want me to starve to death!
Uh, flea demon?
‐ Boing! Boing! Hello!
I know it's been
a while, Lady Moroha,
but don't you think
it's a bit cruel
for you to sell off
your loyal servant like this?
[sucking]
‐ Oh, I didn't see you there,
Grandpa Myoga.
‐ [groans]
‐ So you're telling me
you weren't
selling it after all?
Well, better
make that five mon.
‐ Come on! Don't be like that!
Back when I brought you Tokotsu,
you gave me a whole bag of
silver for him, so what gives?
‐ Yeah, that headless Tokotsu.
That beast and these scraps
just don't compare.
In fact, if you had brought me
Tokotsu's head, too,
I would have paid you
with a bag of gold.
Besides, that bag of silver
was actually more of a deposit.
‐ Wait. What?
‐ If you don't
bring me the head,
you're gonna be giving me
that deposit back.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hey, Takechiyo!
‐ What you need, Master Jyubei?
‐ Moroha's not
getting out of this.
I need you to stay on her tail
and make sure
she slays Tokotsu.
‐ Sure thing, Boss!
‐ Word is
that Tokotsu's son Jakotsumaru
has been going around,
gathering bones
in order
to bring back his father.
Moroha, you're gonna
want to take him out
before he gets the chance,
or you'll have
some trouble on your hands.
‐ [grunts]
Say, you don't know
where he is, do you?
‐ Oh, yeah, I can take you.
You better be grateful.
Yeah, yeah.
[insects chirping]
‐ [yawns]
‐ You sound bored.
‐ No way. Not at all.
Just a bit sleepy.
‐ Sleepy?
‐ Uh, wait.
I guess
what I meant to say is, uh...
I'm sorry.
‐ Stop apologizing!
It's annoying.
‐ Anyway, I think
this is the darkest night
I've ever seen.
There are so many stars out‐‐
Be quiet.
[music playing]
[both gasp]
[cart rattling]
‐ [gasps]
[wolves growling]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [snarls]
[energy crackles]
‐ [gasps]
[bones clatter]
‐ Hmm?
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [gasps]
[grunts]
‐ So did you get him?
‐ No. Looks like he escaped.
‐ Oh, good!
I mean, it would be terrible
if we killed
such a cute kid, you know?
‐ You still spew such nonsense?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hey, see that?
The shards of bones keep going.
‐ We'll find his nest
at the end of this trail.
‐ [grunts]
OK, Takechiyo,
this shouldn't take me too long.
Go find a safe spot to wait.
‐ Don't you take off,
because I'm gonna be keeping
a close eye on you, Moroha!
[twig snaps]
‐ [grunts]
Uh...[winces]
‐ Moroha?
‐ Hey, is that you, Towa?
Oh, what's up, Setsuna?
[gasps] Wait a minute.
You two better not be here to
try and swipe my bounty again.
‐ So your prey's here
as well, Moroha?
‐ Like I would tell you.
I mean, come on. This one's
worth a whole bag of gold.
‐ A bag of gold?
‐ Boing! Boing! Ahem!
Lady Moroha,
as one of the Four Perils,
Tokotsu's head is worth far more
than a mere bag of gold!
He's worth
at least a gold ingot.
‐ Hey, shut up, will you?
‐ The real problem
is the other Four Perils.
It's a certainty
they won't be silent for long.
‐ Yeah, you're right.
But if I get them involved,
things might just work out.
‐ What are you scheming, Moroha?
‐ Moroha the Demon Killer,
soon I'll take
my revenge against you!
‐ Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Myoga,
and I've had the honor
of serving the Great Dog‐Demon
and his family
for three generations.
And I must say,
Lady Moroha's blood
is the closest
to the Great Dog‐Demon's by far.
Why, it's even more delicious
than Master Inuyasha's!
Would you stop
going on about that, already?
I need you to tell me
about the Four Perils.
‐ The Four Perils were demons
that crossed over
from the mainland
during the Spring
and Autumn period.
Konton, Totetsu,
Kyuki, and Tokotsu,
these four beasts
made up the roster.
And the one who ruled over them
was Kirinmaru,
a Beast King similar in power
to the Great Dog‐Demon.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Wait a minute.
Did you just say, "Kirinmaru"?
‐ Yes, that's right.
Why do you ask?
Have you heard of him before?
‐ Yes. We were told Kirinmaru
is attempting to distort time
and swallow this world
into a Degenerate Age.
‐ Well, I find it
hard to believe
that such a valiant Beast King
would hold such dark ambitions.
[both grunt]
‐ Father, can you hear me?
O Great Father, it is time.
Lord Tokotsu, the moment
of your grand awakening
has come at last!
‐ I gotta be honest.
Tokotsu being
Kirinmaru's underling
was a twist
that I wasn't expecting.
‐ Now what? [giggles]
‐ Wait.
Are you trying
to rope us into this?
‐ Aw, come on. Say yes,
and I'll help you find
that Dream Butterfly of yours.
‐ Hmph! That's not worth it.
‐ I guess you must be
super strong, huh, Moroha?
You took out one
of the Four Perils all alone.
‐ Uh...[laughs]
Thing is, I don't remember
slaying Tokotsu. [chuckles]
‐ What do you mean?
‐ For the life of me,
I don't have any memory
of what went on
during the fight.
The only thing I do remember
is deciding to take his
precious Red Pearl for myself.
Well, that, and when I was
transporting his corpse,
his cronies chased after me,
so I ran my ass off to lose 'em!
‐ [yelling]
‐ At the time,
I didn't even know
he was worth a bag of silver
or that his name was Tokotsu
until I talked
to the corpse dealer,
Jyubei, who filled me in later.
[nervous laugh]
‐ You're saying
all that dumb luck
just fell right into your lap?
‐ That's one way to put it.
‐ That means you weren't the one
who killed Tokotsu after all.
‐ You see? If anyone's
the victim here, it's me.
‐ You're missing the point.
If we proceed,
we'll be following
the Tree of Ages' request.
‐ You're right.
‐ If we defeat the Four Perils,
Kirinmaru will emerge.
And if that happened,
we know what would follow.
‐ Sesshomaru.
We would have no choice
but to fight our own father.
‐ Did I hear correctly?
Are those two
truly the daughters
of Lord Sesshomaru?
‐ Looks like it.
‐ So what'll it be?
Kirinmaru's underling,
one of the Four Perils,
is on the other side
of this door,
and he's worth a gold ingot.
Come on.
I say we split the bounty
three ways. Sound good?
We're pretty much buddies
after all the stuff
we went through in the future,
so let's keep on
helping each other out.
What do you say?!
[all gasp]
‐ Hello, ladies.
I humbly bid you welcome.
My father Tokotsu
will be delighted to see you.
‐ Don't let your guard down,
alright, you two?
‐ But you're the one
who should be on guard, not us.
‐ Huh?
‐ Lest you forget,
he believes you're responsible
for murdering his father.
‐ Guess that's true.
‐ Why don't we explain to him
that the whole situation
was dumb luck?
I'm sure he'll understand that.
We can even return the money.
There's no need to fight‐‐
‐ What are you, stupid?!
If a bounty hunter
returns her bounty,
then she's not
a bounty hunter anymore!
If you wanna avenge your dad,
I'm happy to send you to him!
‐ [laughs]
‐ [gasps]
[both gasp]
‐ You'll send him to me,
will you?
There's no need,
for I am right here.
‐ Father.
‐ Not only did you wrong me
by stealing
my treasured Red Pearl
and hampering my power,
but you have insulted me
by selling off my body as well!
I will not forgive you, wretch.
‐ Stop it, will you?
You're being really harsh!
You make it sound
like I'm the bad guy.
‐ She is, isn't she?
‐ She sure is.
‐ I'll reclaim my Red Pearl
and rip your head
from your body, as was my fate!
[both gasp]
‐ [laughs]
You're slipping, Tokotsu.
You can't be
a member of the Four Perils
with only your skull.
That's karma for you.
So give up, already!
‐ Hold up, Moroha.
Just apologize.
Everyone makes mistakes,
so just own up to it.
‐ How naive.
Back in your world,
does a simple apology
buy you forgiveness?
‐ Enough, already!
Apologizing will do you
little good at this point!
‐ Oh, I wasn't gonna.
I'm a bounty hunter.
This comes with the territory.
I'll just have
to power my way through!
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ [roars]
‐ No. Father!
‐ So this is your path.
I expect nothing less
from my companion.
Hah! Cyclone Burst!
‐ Setsuna.
[gasps]
‐ How naive. Back in your world,
does a simple apology
buy you forgiveness?
‐ She's right.
You can't resolve everything
with apologies.
[yells]
Setsuna!
Moroha!
I'll fight, too!
'K, no need to hesitate
when I'm dealing with skeletons.
Can't kill what's already dead.
‐ [growls]
I'll rip all your bones out!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [blows]
‐ [groans]
[gasps] What?
[chuckles] I had a little
purification salt in my mouth.
‐ Damn you. But how?
A demon like you shouldn't be
able to possess spirit powers.
[Myoga laughs] I believe
I can explain that part.
‐ What? Who's there?
Show yourself!
‐ Right here!
Boing! Boing! Boing!
‐ Hey, Grandpa Myoga.
‐ Boing! Boing! Ahem!
Lady Moroha
is the daughter of Kagome,
the reincarnation of
the legendary priestess Kikyo,
who was skilled
in the purification of evil.
It's only natural she would be
equipped with spirit powers.
‐ What? The daughter
of Kikyo's reincarnation?
But doesn't that make them
pretty much unrelated?
‐ You be quiet!
‐ Grandpa Myoga!
I'm surprised
you haven't run away.
‐ [laughs] I was about to,
but then I thought it was
almost time for you know what.
‐ Yup. You guessed it.
It's time!
MYOGA: Hoo hoo hoo!
I get to taste my master's blood
for the first time
in 200 years!
‐ Uh, wait. I almost forgot.
If I go ahead and do this...
Right.
Towa, Setsuna. I'm gonna be out
for a whole day after this,
so watch my back, 'K?
‐ Huh? Wait. What do you mean?
‐ You're so troublesome.
‐ [chuckles]
OK, here goes!
With this rouge...
I become Beniyasha,
the Destroyer of Lands.
Tremble before
the bloodthirsty dawn!
Bear witness to your end
if you so dare!
‐ This rouge was a gift
from the Great Dog‐Demon
to his wife, Lady Izayoi.
Whenever Lady Moroha
applies the rouge,
his memories
are immediately revived
in her delicious blood!
It can't be beat!
Thank you for the meal!
Now time for me
to flee the scene!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Jakotsumaru,
do not let your guard down.
My body was taken from me
by those devilish claws of hers!
‐ How dare you, Beniyasha!
‐ [yells]
‐ [scoffs]
[laughs]
Iron‐Reaver, Soul‐Stealer!
‐ [screams]
‐ Aww. That poor kid.
‐ Damn you!
You killed Jakotsumaru!
‐ [yelps]
[gasps]
‐ [roars]
‐ [growls] Blades of Blood!
‐ [roaring]
‐ Wow, she's amazing!
‐ No, not really.
Just look at her.
‐ [snoring]
‐ [gasps]
‐ She used up her demon power.
‐ So she only lasts
about a minute, huh?
Instant noodles
take longer than that.
‐ Curse you.
‐ [gasps]
He's still alive?!
‐ So this is what she meant
by watching her back.
Guess there's no choice!
Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [roars]
‐ Are you really sure
we want to finish him off?
We were the ones
in the wrong here.
‐ Towa, don't forget.
If you hesitate,
we'll find more of those
boneless corpses out there.
‐ Oh, yeah.
When you put it like that,
I guess they're
way worse than we are.
Alright, then.
‐ Tokotsu,
it's nothing personal.
Meet an arhat,
then slay the arhat.
Meet your parents,
then slay your parents.
Know that the light
to your path lies therein.
Villain Tokotsu
of the Four Perils,
rest in peace!
Master Jyubei, they destroyed
everything out here,
including the Red Bone Palace!
JYUBEI: Even Tokotsu
and Jakotsumaru?
‐ Yup. They're completely gone.
‐ Well done,
Half‐Demon Princesses.
Too bad having no remains left
means I can't give a bounty.
‐ I guess that means
the profits go to us, huh?
‐ My thoughts, exactly.
Come on back.
‐ Yes, sir!
‐ [snoring]
‐ Hey, Setsuna, what was that
you whispered earlier?
‐ Long ago, I heard
a traveling monk say it.
It just crossed my mind.
‐ There's really nothing left.
Looks like we won't
be getting that bounty.
‐ Probably not.
‐ [mutters] Gold.
‐ A quarter‐demon possessing
both spirit and demon powers.
‐ [snoring]
‐ How interesting.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: The corpse dealer Jyubei
is charging the three of us
with solving a case
about missing travelers.
We find a mysterious village
full of cats.
SETSUNA: The whole village
smells of demon.
TOWA: At the old temple in this
ghost cat infested village
lives a man who looks
exactly like Julian,
who happens to be
Mei's favorite idol.
JUAN: Do you have
some business at this temple?
You can call me Juan.
TOWA: Next on Yashahime,
"The Cat Juan
at the Old Temple."
MOROHA: Are we even
getting paid for this?